12/12/2018

XCA Deferred Response option
Working Session
John, Matt, Elliott, Mauro, Spencer

Minutes
Sharing Word is a problem
DSUB
	Piecemeal
DSUB+XDW
Need FHIR option
JM In theory we are supposed to evaluate all
Group: XDW option is overkill
They like just DSUB
	JM IG would have to know responder needs DSUB
	JM Not worried about the "no end" problem
		Could define a terminal message
		M Ask community to cancel subscription when it's done?
	There is a model in DSUB - please create, please delete subscription
	There is another model - server decides to cancel
		Server needs a way to notify
		Can cancel
		New notification type
		There is a CP (Mauro owns) destruction event
		JM DSUB allows to cancel
JM Could responder return special error code saying to use deferred?
	Always allow to return
	Initiator could start with deferred or wait for error code
Discussion about
	JM Schemas are never normative
	Message comes in that you don't understand, throw an error
	Should fail gracefully
	Me: we don't say what to do in arbitrary XML
	JM We have to resolve that - must be based on previous normative statements - can't add one
		Maybe ask community if this and this and this are sufficient
Option: explicitly limit deferred
	JM This is really a policy issue. Solved by the failure modes we talked about.
Option: Add Deferred to XDS.b
	JM Why not?
Option: use new deferred error code

JM wants new error code on the RG to say try deferred
	Use that same code for XDS.b
JM If these are uniquely non-XDS gateways we don't have 
JM Add to Doc Consumer only, say no value to Doc Registry
JM Are any other interested parties triggered by XDS?
	JM Just do the work
	Spencer Would there be issue promoting this if nobody implemented XDS Deferred?
	JM We've carved up supplements before; proceed optimistically
Can we proceed writing this, and leaving an open issue for DSUB?
	JM Yes
	DSUB still needs cross community; routing is still tough
JM Either way works; both take work
MZ Use Google group to discuss these options
	A-B test
	ITI Tech, XDS Implementers
JM Advantage of deferred - initiator can discover inline whether to use deferred
	But could use an error to direct towards DSUB
Advantage for deferred - if you have a system that supports XCA, smaller lift than adding new infrastructure
JM DSUB requires more infrastructure changes in the backbone
Me: Use Doodle poll?
	JM Might be useful to indicate preference
	JM Lot of people don't like to hit reply on email
JM Adding cross community to DSUB helps for later use cases - care plan, etc.

Actions
Debug my internet
Need FHIR option that uses sub + DocRef
	We evaluated; it failed because it doesn't leverage XCPD/XCA
Add cons for XDW - too complex
	Add kind of XDW
Con for DSUB - all participants would have to know responder requires DSUB
Add Async flavors as alternatives, move to closed
Ask community
Get rid of the polling option
Write up A-B test for DSUB
